[Music]
this surprising test will reveal the
truth about you know we haven't gone
through your closets
what do your everyday habits like how
you carry a bag say about your
personality your habits can reveal every
tiny thing you probably want to conceal
or say for yourself also we prepared a
simple test at the end that will
probably surprise you
stay tuned counting down from number
five your style of walking this is a
point about walking habits all you need
is to pay attention to how your arms
behave while you're walking
there are usually two variants so to say
speaking about your character a you
swing your arms swinging your arms means
you are mostly a relaxed person you're
joyful and sometimes people don't even
take you seriously though you are still
a brave self-confident person be your
arms are tightly pressed to your body on
the contrary if your arms are inactive
you don't easily trust people you're a
bit reserved and not over emotional so
what do you say
number four night eating now please
think about how you spend your nights
it's not a secret that most of us tend
to feel a bit hungry while sleeping but
we usually don't get up to have a bite
or do it there is a supposition that
your habit of getting up to eat
something at night also can tell a lot
about your personality such people are
seemingly in a long-term stress full
situation notably the more often you get
up at night the deeper the stress is you
may not even pay attention to such night
fridge excursion thinking it is because
of some insomnia or loud noises that
wake you up in their turn psychologists
say that the reason is the slight
indifference towards your health and
life necessities though are it could be
a craving for chocolate chip cookie
dough number three making your bed do
you make your bed every single day those
people who do not make up their beds
don't notice trifle things in other
aspects of life they are not so good at
planning their actions and can be
disorderly sometimes even dissipated
such people can even believe that they
were born for great deeds can you
imagine that by the way is this point
about you let's count how many great
minds there are on the channel give us a
thumbs up if making the bed is not the
first thing you do in the morning
[Music]
number two dirty dishes if you are in
the habit of leaving dirty dishes till
you wake up in the morning please accept
our congratulations
you don't like troubles you don't like
to treat things as they come in to be
exact when you have small misfortunes
you always like to think that they will
solve themselves in some time we can
also tell you that you like to indulge
your desires anytime or you're just
waiting for someone else to do the
dishes and number one bag test here's a
quick but interesting test that can tell
a lot about people it's based on a
trifle everyday habit that we don't even
notice now think a bit and define how
you like to carry your bag most of the
time just pick the figure that carries
the bag the way you do and then see the
result there are five pictures and I'll
give you ten seconds to think
[Music]
now let's check the result so you
usually carry your bag number one behind
your back if you prefer a backpack
you're probably always ready for
adventure and prepared to go at any
moment you're also very considerate of
things and other people alike making you
a person others willingly follow number
two in your hand if you firmly hold your
belongings in your hands completely and
utter control over everything is your
motto you love being informed of
everything and always have your own
opinion you're able to tell others the
whole truth about themselves if they ask
that is your reliability is legendary
number three on your shoulder people who
wear a bag on their shoulder love
reading this position allows them to
fish out their favorite book even when
there's virtually no space for it
they're so tactful that even if they
fall asleep during your monologue
they'll do it with their eyes open while
nodding in consent from time to time
ah that's a trick number four over your
shoulder if you carry your bag over your
shoulder
no criminal will be able to steal your
precious cargo you're a little bit prone
to showing off your huge wealth but
you're very generous at the same time be
careful though as some may perceive this
trade of yours as a weakness and use you
to their advantage number five on your
belly
what was that rushing past you just now
a tornado nope that's a person who
carries their bag on their stomach
that's the only way it's not blown away
by the wind made thanks to their speed
the eccentricity of such people is often
beyond any limits but this is quite
indicative of their quick mind and vivid
imagination
[Music]
don't forget to share this video with
your friends and give us a thumbs up see
you next time on the bright side of life
[Music]
you